Qontigo: Financial Intelligence tools provider
Qontigo provides financial intelligence tools for investment management. It offers multiple products such as Axioma for quantitative risk analytics & portfolio construction; STOXX & DAX for tradable indices, news & research. It features investment strategies & analytics tools for issuers, capital owners and asset managers.
2019
Funding USD 720M


Clark: Insurance management platform for individuals
Clark provides an insurance management platform for individuals. It helps users in managing policies for personal liability, household, automobile, disability, health, life, retirement, etc. It offers advice and recommendations for buying insurance based on consumer requirements. It also offers a platform for real estate financing.
2015
USD 129M 
Wilhelm-Leuschner-Stra©¬e 17-19
DE Hessen Frankfurt am Main 60329
Series A: ¢æ13.2 M 
Series B: $29 M
Series C: ¢æ69 M


Traxpay: Working capital management for businesses
Traxpay provides working capital management for businesses. It features solutions for dynamic discounting, supply chain financing, invoice management, cist management, payment processing, and more. It enables the transformation of financial B2B relationships by connecting buyers, suppliers, and their banks with AR/AP tools that deliver reduced risk, digitalization, and transparency.
2009
USD 19M


Thinksurance: Diversified software solutions for insurance distribution
Thinksurance offers a platform for insurance distribution. It provides products for brokers, associations, agencies, among others. The software features tools for quoting policies, risk analysis, issuing policies, analyzing, documentation, and reporting. Assists distributors and insurers in digitizing the sale process. Uses data analysis & AI technology in improving the bidding process and assessing risk.
2016
USD 15M 


CrowdDesk: Online capital raising solutions
Crowddesk provides online capital raising solutions for startups and companies. It enables businesses to pitch investors and raise & manage capital. It helps users to raise capital for real estate and other projects. It offers a funding-as-a-service solution for fundraising and transaction management.
2015
USD 10M


Finanzguru: Personal finance and bill management tool
Finanzguru is a mobile app for personal finance management focussed on bill management. Users need to link their bank to let the app automatically identify recurring bills. Offers bill payment reminders, and payment facilitation in a few clicks. By analyzing the earnings, expenses, and bills, provides tips for savings on the bills. Has partnered with Deutsche Bank for offering the service.
2015
USD 6M


Awamo: Microfinance management solution provider
Awamo GmbH is a fintech startup with operations in Frankfurt/Main (Germany) and Kampala (Uganda). They offer a comprehensive, mobile and easy-to-use microfinance management solution for microfinance institutions (MFIs) in emerging markets. It features reliable biometric identification/authentication, which is fully designed for mobile use and completely digitizes all stages of credit-, risk and portfolio management for MFIs. It also opens up the market for low-income borrowers by providing MFIs with suitable digital solutions to capture borrower data, monitor MFI operations in real-time, and generate credit reports. This dramatically decreases transaction cost, default risk and consequently interest rates.
2015	
USD 2M


Savedroid: Mobile app for automatic savings
Savedroid is a mobile app for automatic saving, allows users to save money for chosen rules; when triggered the money is sent directly to the savedroid account. Savedroid rounds up and puts money into account for achieving various goals, like jogging, logging in to your mobile for some specific number of times in a day etc.
2015
USD 1M


------------------------8°³


