https://tracxn.com/explore/FinTech-Startups-in-London


Revolut: App-based digital bank for consumers and businesses
App-based digital bank for consumers and businesses. It offers services such as deposit accounts, cash withdrawals, debit cards for online/offline purchases, cryptocurrency exchange, and more. It also allows users to send and request money, split bills with friends and family, and more. The application is available on iOS and Android platforms.
Founded Year:  2015
Funding : USD 2.14B



OakNorth: Digital bank for consumers & businesses

OakNorth is a digital bank for consumers & businesses. Features include term savings accounts, money transfers, bill payments, loans, online/offline purchases, and more for managing user banking activities. It provides a dashboard for transaction management, automated data-driven credit solutions, risk & regulatory analysis, relationship manager, and underwriting & loan processing solutions for borrowers. The application can be accessed on iOS and Android devices.
Founded Year: 2015
Funding: USD 1.00B


SumUp : mPOS solutions for offline retailers
SumUp offers a mPoS suite to merchants which includes an app and a card reader for payment acceptance. The merchant enters the order details in the app which are transferred to the card reader. The consumer enters the PIN for the payment cards and completes the transaction.
Founded Year: 2012
Funding: USD 940M


Starling Bank: Digital bank for consumers and businesses
Digital bank for consumers and businesses. It offers services such as deposit accounts, money transfers, consumer and business loans, prepaid cards and corporate cards for online/offline purchases, and more. It also offers an app-based platform that is available on iOS and Android devices.
Founded Year: 2014
Funding: USD 852M

Checkout.com: Cloud-enabled payment processing solutions for businesses
Cloud-enabled payment processing solutions for businesses. It offers solutions such as payment gateways for checkouts, payout solutions, and more. It provides businesses with a view of their payments data and insights. It enables businesses to accept debit cards and credit cards, wallets, and local payment methods.
Founded Year: 2012
Funding: USD 830M

	
eToro: Social trading and investment platform for multiple assets
eToro provides a social trading and investment platform for multiple assets. It enables users to copy the leading traders of the community and also helps traders to earn extra income by sharing their portfolios. It allows trading in stocks, ETFs, indices, currencies, and commodities. It also offers a cryptocurrency trading platform for the users.
Founded Year: 2007
Funding: USD 823M

Monzo: Internet-first bank for consumers & businesses
Monzo is an internet-first bank for consumers & businesses. Its banking services include deposit accounts, money transfers, debit cards for online/offline purchases, consumer & SME loans, and more. It also offers an app-based platform that is available on iOS & Android devices.
Founded Year: 2015
Funding: USD 723M



Bought By Many: Online pet insurance platform for customers
Bought By Many provides an online pet insurance platform for customers. It offers quotes for Complete Cover, Regular Cover, Money back Cover, and more. It coverage include vet fee, legal action against pet, dental insurance, and more. It also provides claims settlement services.
Founded Year: 2012
Funding: USD 522M

Ki insurance: Online platform for P&C insurances
Ki insurance provides an on-demand insurance platform for individuals and businesses. It offers an algorithmically-driven approach to provide insurances. It also offers to provide automatic quotes through a platform that brokers can access directly.
Founded Year: 2020
Funding: USD 500M


ION Group: Treasury and trade management software for financial institutions and banks
ION Group provides treasury & trade management software for financial institutions and banks. Its solutions include trading management suite, treasury management suite, market making and pricing application for capital markets, and more. It also provides corporates with solutions for treasury and commodities management.
Founded Year: 1998
Funding: USD 400M







2012
