https://tracxn.com/explore/FinTech-Startups-in-Amsterdam
Last Updated: September 9, 2021


Mollie: Payment routing solutions for businesses
Mollie provides payment routing solutions for businesses. It provides a payment API that allows merchants to accept payment online and on app-based platforms. It offers integration to its API which enables merchants to collect recurring payments and manage subscriptions. Accepts payments from Mastercard, Visa, PayPal, SEPA, and more.
Founded Year: 2004
Funding: USD 940M

Bunq: Digital bank for individuals and businesses
Digital bank for individuals and businesses. Its services include current and savings accounts, money transfers, prepaid cards, bill payments, and more. It features EasyTravel offering credit cards for traveling, EasyMoney for subscription and budget management, and more.
Founded Year: 2013
Funding: USD 231M

BUX: App-based trading platform for multi-assets
BUX provides an app-based trading platform for multi-assets. It offers a trading platform for stocks and ETFs. It features portfolio management tools, trading strategies, and market news & articles. Also offers a stock trading app for students. The app is available for Android and IOS platforms.
Founded Year: 2014
Funding: USD 117M

Ohpen: Cloud-based core banking solution
Ophen provides cloud-based core banking solution for administration of retail investment and savings accounts. Modules include investment accounts; savings accounts; payments; order & fund management; robo advice; audit, risk & fraud management; reporting & analytics; user management & statistics and CRM. It can be integrated with the front end using the API.
Founded Year: 2009
Funding: USD 50M

Five Degrees: Cloud-enabled core banking solutions for banks & financial institutions
Five Degrees provides cloud-enabled core banking solutions for banks & financial institutions. It features Matrix mid for orchestrating core banking platform, Matrix accounts for configurable core banking, Matrix lending & leasing for lending, leasing, & third-party debt management, and more. It provides solutions for mortgage lending, leasing, transactional accounts, and more.
Founded Year: 2010
Funding: USD 37M

Cobase: Open banking aggregational APIs
Cobase provides open banking aggregational APIs to banks & financial institutions. It offers a multibank platform that provides access to all bank accounts and other financial products & services from other banks and financial service providers. It features a central payment hub, cash management, and treasury modules.
Founded Year: 2012
Funding: USD 20M

Swishfund: Online business loans platform
Swishfund is an online business loans platform. The loan term can be 3, 6 and 12 months. Credit assessment is done on the basis of current business performance. Companies that are economically active for at least a year and have a minimum turnover of ¢æ 50,000 in the past year can apply for loans on the platform. Users can apply for loans up to ¢æ 250,000.
Founded Year: 2016
Funding: USD 19M

DIG: Digital insurance solutions
Digital Insurance Group provides software solutions for insurers, banks, and brokers. It features data and monitoring solutions for digital insurance.
Founded Year: 2017
Funding: USD 17M

Sentinels: Software for transaction monitoring
Software for transaction monitoring. It provides transaction monitoring for financial institutions by API integration. It offers a detection engine with predefined and customizable scenarios; comparison of client's transaction data with relevant peer's data; report on risk assessment quality, team performance, and workload improvements; an overview on account activity, risk level, historical alerts, and more.
Founded Year: 2020
Funding: USD 10M

Factris: Online lending platform for invoice financing
Factris is an online lending platform for invoice financing. Offers short-term working capital to businesses against their invoices. Users need to provide their basic details to apply for invoice finance. Once approved, users can upload their invoices on the platform & receive the funds directly to a linked bank account.
Founded Year: 2017
Funding: USD 8M














